that's there but I wanted to show you
the scene so you know they talked about
the three different mics on the device
so if you go to audio scenes in your
camcorder you can actually easily select
what type of audio feed you want for the
device so for example the narrative is
if you're taking a video and you want to
actually they're actually narrate the
back mike is actually what's going to be
picking up majority the sound so that
way it'll be focused on you versus the
other things in your environment then
you've got outdoors which you don't
utilize like noise cancellation and it
kind of cuts on the wind noise so that
way you'll have a better experience
there you've got every day which all
three mics are lit up that is capturing
everything in your environment that's
pretty clever is that something that
Motorola or context of the motorola at
it and then you've got subjects so this
is you know you've got that
five-year-old birthday party and you
want to focus on child saying and all
the other noise and people are going
around you it then fires up the front
life to take priority so that way you
can hear what the deal with the child
saying maybe what somebody's whispering
in their here versus everything okay so
there's a front like a back mike and a
noise cancellation like that exactly so
like you can actually see there's the
pinhole mic on that on the front there
there's one on the back side there's one
on the top of the phone so that's a
pretty that's a pretty neat feature
especially because of the high video
capability or high definition video to
be able to do that with sound as well is
pretty amazing then you guys all heard
about the hdmi out right so that's down
here at the bottom so you've got that
there they actually have a demo of the
cable they're plugged with TV so it'll
allow you to basically just take that
high-definition content and then have it
displayed on your TV so remember there's
two ways to show your HD video and your
pictures on a television on them do you
need to do it wirelessly through DLNA
where you can do it using the eight
this is going to be a doctor there is a
doc okay so you'll have that ability and
the doc actually incorporates an hdmi
port as well so you can have your cable
plugged into the dock so it looks nice
to meet you don't have it hanging on the
side and then there's also going to be a
car dock and the car dock then that
mount basically gives you you know that
full-blown map functionality that you
normally have with another unit with six
display screens you know the ability to
actually have a dedicated power source
to review and then you also have the
ability to have a auto jack with your
point five millimeter and it'll let you
plug it into your car stereo so it's a
pretty sweet deal in the end they have a
habit over their own those doctors
testers are they all optional they're
all okay and from our understanding
today the media multimedia done is how
you're going to be able to hdmi cable
they're packaged together